fix(7.9): set meaningful description in access-control-api (#1476)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/access-control-api.adoc

= Access control API

> :description: Access control is available to protect the tenant BDM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Access control allows you to protect the access to your BDM through REST API.
```
